README.markdown, before:

A Lasagne and Theano implementation of the paper [Convolutional neural network architecture for geometric matching](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05593) by Ignacio Rocco, Relja Arandjelović, and Josef Sivic.

Download the [Pascal VOC dataset](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2011/VOCtrainval_25-May-2011.tar).

(Optional) Download the [Proposal Flow dataset](http://www.di.ens.fr/willow/research/proposalflow/dataset/PF-dataset.zip).

Get the code necessary for generating random transformation matrices from [this repo](https://github.com/hjweide/daug).

**This is a work-in-progress**.  Pull requests are welcome.  Contact me if you run into issues using the code.

The thin-plate-spline has not yet been implemented.  The model has not been
trained properly yet, either.  The images below were taken from the validation
set after training for 300 epochs (about 17 hours on a TITAN X).  The image on
the left is the center crop, the image in the middle is the result of applying
the ground-truth transformation to the center crop, and the image on the right
is the result of applying the predicted transformation to the warped image (in
other words, the pose of the rightmost image should resemble that of the
leftmost image).

![](images/valid_8_4.png?raw=True)
![](images/valid_96_9.png?raw=True)
![](images/valid_98_10.png?raw=True)

Similarly, the images below are from the Proposal Flow dataset:
![](images/infer_0_0.png?raw=True)
![](images/infer_0_1.png?raw=True)
![](images/infer_0_2.png?raw=True)

Commit message:

Add links to download learned weights.

README.markdown, after:

A Lasagne and Theano implementation of the paper [Convolutional neural network architecture for geometric matching](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.05593) by Ignacio Rocco, Relja Arandjelović, and Josef Sivic.

Download the [Pascal VOC dataset](http://host.robots.ox.ac.uk/pascal/VOC/voc2011/VOCtrainval_25-May-2011.tar).

(Optional) Download the [Proposal Flow dataset](http://www.di.ens.fr/willow/research/proposalflow/dataset/PF-dataset.zip).

Download the pre-trained weights for [VGG16](https://s3.amazonaws.com/lasagne/recipes/pretrained/imagenet/vgg16.pkl).

(Optional) Download the [learned
weights](https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B8qxCmGEZj4oejgwcERUSjBtbkk/view?usp=sharing)
if you don't want to train your own model from scratch (**NOTE**: These weights
won't reproduce the figures from the paper, because I haven't implemented the
thin-plate-spline transform yet).

Get the code necessary for generating random transformation matrices from [this repo](https://github.com/hjweide/daug).

**This is a work-in-progress**.  Pull requests are welcome.  Contact me if you run into issues using the code.

The thin-plate-spline has not yet been implemented.  The model has not been
trained properly yet, either.  The images below were taken from the validation
set after training for 300 epochs (about 17 hours on a TITAN X).  The image on
the left is the center crop, the image in the middle is the result of applying
the ground-truth transformation to the center crop, and the image on the right
is the result of applying the predicted transformation to the warped image (in
other words, the pose of the rightmost image should resemble that of the
leftmost image).

![](images/valid_8_4.png?raw=True)
![](images/valid_96_9.png?raw=True)
![](images/valid_98_10.png?raw=True)

Similarly, the images below are from the Proposal Flow dataset:
![](images/infer_0_0.png?raw=True)
![](images/infer_0_1.png?raw=True)
![](images/infer_0_2.png?raw=True)
